Feat: v4 upgrade (#37)
neutron-org/mainnet-assets: upgrades/v4.0.1/README.md

---
title: Neutron v4.0.1 Upgrade
order: 2
---

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

# Neutron v4.0.0 Upgrade, Instructions

**In this release Neutron introduces integration of [Slinky](https://docs.skip.money/slinky/overview) thus all validators are required to run [Slinky Sidecar](https://docs.skip.money/slinky/integrations/neutron/)**

- Chain upgrade point: `July 10th 2024, 14:30 UTC` approximately at height `12,255,555`;
- Go version: `v1.22`
- Release: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/releases/tag/v4.0.1

> This document describes the steps for validators and full node operators, to upgrade successfully to the Neutron v3.0.5 release. For more details on the release, please see the [release notes](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/releases/tag/v3.0.5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the steps for validators and full node operators, to upgrade successfully to the Neutron v4.0.1 release. For more details on the release, please see the [release notes](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron/releases/tag/v4.0.1).
```
